---
title: AWS Billing Conductor Improves Account Visibility with Billing Transfer Inventory
url: https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2026/05/aws-billing-conductor-billing-transfer/
date: '2026-05-20'
author: aws@amazon.com
feed_url: https://aws.amazon.com/rss
---
AWS Billing Conductor Console now enables you to see which accounts have received or accepted billing transfer invites but still lack access to pro forma billing data. This page helps customers detect and close gaps in their account’s billing visibility. When an account accepts a billing transfer invitation, billing data is transferred to the inviting account. By configuring a billing group via AWS Billing Conductor, accounts can access pro forma cost data across Billing and Cost Management tools. This page provides visibility into what accounts currently lack access to pro forma billing data, making it easier to complete this configuration step. Customers can also sign up for daily notifications via AWS User Notifications and Amazon EventBridge to receive a summary of accepted billing transfers that lack a corresponding billing group. Notifications are available via email, Amazon Q Developer in chat applications (Slack, Microsoft Teams, and Amazon Chime), AWS Console Mobile Application push notifications, and the Console Notifications Center. These features are available in the US East (N. Virginia) region. To get started, visit the AWS Billing Conductor console . To learn more about setting up EventBridge integration, see the EventBridge documentation . For instructions on configuring User Notifications, see the User Notifications documentation . To learn more about Billing Transfer and AWS Billing Conductor visit the Billing Transfer product page , AWS Billing documentation and the AWS Cost Management documentation.
